hey what's hiding folks guys going on
one here and we're back with the
Halloween packed not worried about a
bunch of other packs I'm gonna go ahead
and open up as soon as I get done with
this one but lies some open one of these
I got nothing albums hopefully my luck
changes today and we get something great
that's selling for a lot of coin because
10,000 coins is kind of a lot especially
if you think about it do the math if you
spend 10,000 coins a day you're
basically spending hundred forty
thousand coins until Halloween which is
kind of insane you can use that coin to
reinvest in your team or also buy better
buy anything else you like with that
amount of corner that impacts so kind of
hoping I get something great out of this
pack and not get tricked we get a nice
treat here so 10,000 coins get its get a
nice treat let's get a nice tree as we
get a 500 coin reward card are we going
to get tricked yes we got tricked that
is well worth 10,000 coins the contracts
i could probably get 0 is worth the
10,000 coins right there that's worth it
that is worth it so two tricks in a row
I probably should not be opening these
packs but hey you guys want to see it
open for you guys but I saw the only
pack that I have I actually got a bunch
of other told but you got to see seven
packs here they just dropped by outside
of cards hope I can get some of those
and maybe a couple of these past I got
two jumbo Wars or war to trick packs i
got for completing some regular season
network on something I regular season
online game would have a lot more I
would have three of these or 40s
potentially if my runningback didn't
come with them all but yeah you know how
that goes we got a collection reward
pack so let's go ahead and open up these
jumbo war packs first no what no no
different word packs first this is a
miscellaneous pack opening got these
contracts that I need I play a lot of
games online Jordan grows 83 overall
left tackles about a thousand coins
there unless he's in a collection and i
already have both of these are
was collected for the jerseys and
stadium so unless a drop anything else
I'm looking quick sell those all right
can we get a fantasy or a legend or
anything else out of this pack when we
got what we got oh no John am I seeing
his last name cuz these races my stay in
his last name find it funny that when a
guy has last ten like that you hear a
bunch of fans scream that in the stadium
try that it really really funny all
right so you got two good cards so far
too good high tier gold cards better
than mostly my rock my regular packs are
we got two jumbo reward packs here which
contains 2 or higher gold cards into
stupid thingies and collectibles Oh
Alfonso there's a bunch of low cards
there that anger is properties actually
in the collections I might be able to
point out of it I like the cars that are
in the collection to those are the best
ones to make coins off of said holding
on to these useless gold cards because
as of now this game really is in
collection based be better off selling
off the card if you can in buying the
cards once they're in the collection
that they have because right now the
punter collection is live for the AFC
South I believe and I stole all the
pieces out of that fly 10,000 coins
combined and you only getting you get no
corner word for it at all so you be
better off just selling all those cards
Anthony Collins who is so bad last year
you back this year too and Jasper
Brinkley so so far got two good pulls
out of my reward pack my dummbell war
packs have been pretty bad yeah I don't
like the look of that so far alright so
we cut some Halloween packs to open and
I'm gonna go ahead and end it on the
collection work back just because I'm
guaranteeing a fantasy or an elite as
get another corner war I wonder if it
got the million point in this so really
know how we're getting there haha the
all we're gonna give them get these
quick cells wow that Wow alright that's
good all right oh okay there it is JJ
watt I finally got one all right there
it is right there guys finally got me a
treat JJ Watt it was not a 10,000 coins
back it was out of a reward effect I got
completing the online games if you guys
want these facts they want to pay the
coin
for go ahead i suggest you end up
playing some online games especially if
you're a lower tier you packs pretty
much everything is pretty awesome
stature mediocre but we got once about
probably fifty thousand coins I'm
definitely buying taxing that with my
MSP some cool tag listen to our current
roster and we got an elite so can we get
our cam newton can we get our cam newton
out of this pack can we get cam can we
get cam kill a cam cameron nubian
Superman wow yeah Chris Myers artists
are texting thing praise on we got two
Texans unfortunately not get cam knew
him but stay tuned i was definitely
buying some packs tonight in
participating in this pack okay and
maybe i get meself a cam newton aight
got ourselves a JJ Watt though it's dope
like the video I'm out this mother bleep
Oh poop